driving at night is potentially one of
the most dangerous things who can do
during the day you can literally see for
miles while at night you may not be able
to see beyond your headlights or worse
you can be blinded by oncoming
headlights the fact is you have less
time to react to road hazards when you
rely on your headlights alone and the
problem is much worse at high speeds
Flair's Pathfinder significantly reduces
these hazards by allowing you to see
more than four times farther than your
headlights and to see in total darkness
through dust and smoke and oncoming
headlights the Pathfinder is a compact
sealed thermal imaging system that fits
easily behind grills and in tight places
video from the Pathfinder is easily
displayed and most factory installed or
aftermarket video monitors in a fraction
of a second you can gain valuable
information similar to checking your
speedometer or glancing at your sideview
mirror this revolutionary nighttime
driving aid is based on the same
high-tech thermal imaging used by the
military and is already been embraced by
automakers like BMW unlike standard
video cameras that create images based
on visible light thermal imagers see
subtle differences in temperature warm
objects appear white and cooler objects
appear black and since it detects heat
rather than light the Pathfinder is not
affected by oncoming headlights
most of the common driving hazards show
up clearly in thermal imagery including
animals that are naturally camouflaged
pedestrians or stalled cars vehicle
headlights provide between 250 and 450
feet of moderate illumination Pathfinder
provides an effective range of over four
times farther why is this important
because stopping distances depend on
three things first is the distance
covered between the time your eyes see a
hazard and your brain recognizes it then
your brain must order your foot to react
and then the brakes must stop the
vehicle even an alert driver with good
brakes on dry pavement can easily outrun
his headlights at high speeds and bad
weather conditions or poorly maintained
brakes to make it difficult to stop at
any speed Pathfinder gives you the extra
time to react to hazards beyond your
headlights illumination while your
headlights remain the primary source of
illumination Pathfinder is a
supplemental drivers enhancement for
anyone who drives at night as the
largest commercial thermal imaging
company in the world
FLIR has leveraged years of experience
into the development of Pathfinder the
result a revolutionary nighttime driving
aid you can take confidence and clears
thermal imaging systems just like the US
military and thousands of other agencies
around the world Lear's Pathfinder
making nighttime driving safer
you